The game follows the story of a young sailor named Jack, who has always felt a deep connection to the sea. However, after a terrible storm destroyed his ship and killed his crewmates, Jack was forced to abandon his life at sea and start anew on land. Years have passed, and Jack has grown restless. He longs to return to the sea, to feel the wind in his hair and the salt on his skin once more. One day, he hears of a legendary ship that can take him back to the sea, but it's said to be guarded by a powerful sea monster. Determined to reclaim his life at sea, Jack sets out on a perilous journey to find the ship and defeat the sea monster. Along the way, he meets a cast of colorful characters, including a wise old sailor who teaches him the ways of the sea, a fierce pirate queen who becomes his ally, and a mysterious mermaid who holds the key to defeating the sea monster. As Jack navigates treacherous waters and battles dangerous foes, he must also confront his own fears and doubts. Will he be able to overcome the challenges that stand in his way and find his way back to the sea? Only time will tell.

Everyone (except mentioned) will speak old english, not shakespearian bc thats too hard, but like older english.

16-year-old sea dog - Jack Roma
Enjoys being at sea so much that despite hardship and death of countless crewmates on his first voyage out to sea, he still wants to go back. He loves the feeling of going out onto the ocean and feeling the breeze and salt against his face. He gets chills and often is moved to tears by the beauty of the world he lives in. He frequently comments on this to his friends and anybody who will listen. He constantly whines about his wish to return to the sea. Jack is young but very strong, his physique is excellent, maintained over his time on the island. Despite his young age, he has a tattoo on his left and right biceps depicting an epic scene along with his first mate and the name of his ship, the {Name of old ship}

Exhalted pirate queen - Captain Tersea Planck - Meets on a shipwreck fastening things together in order to float, she has with her 5 flasks and no observable food (she doesn't need to eat if she has alcohol).
Desc. Heavy drinker, uses it as a way to cope with situations. She doesn't like to talk about her feelings, generally drowns them in alcohol. She has become an expert on alcohols and how to make them. Eventually will be able to make bombs and weapons with her knowledge of it. Molotov cocktails with her vodka bottle and "maps" Her "special" is taking a full barrel of beer and chugging it, she gets extremely angry and her attack increases by a ridiculous amount. She has olive skin, clearly has seen a lot of sun, she has beautiful red hair, not red as in the hair color, but a deep blood red that she says she dyed using a special type of alcohol. Her eyes are extremely shocking upon first glance as they are a bright fiery red, especially when drunk, she has a fire burning inside her which as normal people's fire is a simple match, hers is a raging bonfire, she uses her anger and frustration at her past to help fuel it and her crewmates eventually worry it will consume her. She is fully in one piece and notably doesn't have any scars, she says that this is because she has never been harmed before in any fight ever. She claims to have fought great beasts of the depths and has proof of it, but never shares any stories of injuries. She always carries around a note from her father which tells her to never let anything- not even the sea -douse the fire inside her. She carries in in her shirt pocket of whatever raggedy, sea-worn shirt she is wearing. She constantly has shirts in states of extreme disrepair and comments on how she thinks it makes her muscles pop. She is incredibly vain, especially so when drunk, however, when sober, she is an incredibly intelligent and emotionally conscious person. (Not always when drunk though)...

Mysterious mermaid - {Mermaid's Name} - Shy - meets in the water...duh lol
Very stupid, doesn't speak well, doesn't understand english well, her scales have runes on them, she claims not to know the language. She speaks "todays" english, while everyone else speaks old english. There will be an easter-egg with her where you can inspect her bag/inventory and find a ps3 controller (the one that was used to control that sub) and put in an easter-egg/joke about that. She is from a time in the future, though doesn't get that or convey it to the people for a long time, when she does, she gains the ability to manipulate time bc she realizes she can lmao. Then after that shes like also bro there are a buncha mermaids in the future and the only reason ppl havent found them is bc they haven't searched deep enough. Apparently, when you get deep enough, a certain breed of algae is able to coat surfaces and make sure they have oxygen and adequate pressure. She is literally magic and is able to harness the moon in order to do attacks with that, specifically a mana-based attack that strikes dark energy from the dark side of the moon onto the opponent, giving D.O.T and lots of initial damage. She has rainbow colored hair, her skin is a cool very very light (almost white) blue color, similar to how the moon looked if slightly tinted blue, opaque and silky. She has purple eyes and her lips are a deep purple as well.

Old sailor - Moe (no last name given, eventually it may be found out) - meets in a shop, he is 62 years old
He uses a Garotte as a weapon, he is frail, but has very old, compacted, strong muscle. He notably does not drink and generally doesn't like Teresa because of this. Eventually there is a weapon upgrade for his Garotte that has to do with lighting it on fire. Darker skinned in complexion, he has green eyes and his pupils are always very dilated. He has gray hair with wisps of white, he ties this hair back into a ponytail most of the time, but when he lets it out it is crisp from the salty air and clearly is not washed often enough, it is silver when in the sun and glints as if made of metal. He has scars covering his body and is missing his middle finger on his left hand. He generally carries himself with a tired disposition, is very surly and frustrated easily. Besides this he has a soft spot for Jack and his crewmates, but especially for Teresa, he says she reminds him of his daughter.